That being said, just celebrating the New Year and the holidays is not enough.
There are also birthdays and wedding anniversaries.
You're really good at this
I also prepare gifts for you on birthdays and wedding anniversaries.
My birthday is May 25th.
So what do you want for your birthday?
Thank you, madam. What did you give me?
What do I want? I know.
Your master doesn’t want it anymore. Be careful with something so valuable.
Give it to me and I'll give it to you again.
It's not like children playing house
Not facing each other again
Then keep paddling
Come on, Third Brother Teacher, yes
You ugly boss came all the way to call me here
It seems to be a matter between Mr. Zhou and Miss Lu.
They both took down you, Mr. Zhou.